If you have any doubts about using Meta
Ads for B2B, take a quick look at one of
our clients here that's driving over a
100 scheduled demos every single month
from Meta with a cost per opportunity of
$2 to $4,000 on average and a cost per
demo as low as $849.
And this is going after mid-market and
enterprise companies. If you're watching
this video, you want to make meta ads
work for B2B. But unfortunately on
YouTube, the majority of the Facebook
ads content out there is around
e-commerce and B2C. When it comes to
B2B, we can't really sell to everyone.
So, it fundamentally changes how we
approach scaling meta ads. If you're new
to the channel, I'm Sylvia Perez. I'm
the founder of Ad Conversion. We teach
9,000 plus B2B marketers how to master
ads, and we manage over $40 million a
year in ad spend for top B2B SAS brands.
If you want to become a meta ads expert,
then you need to understand how the
auction works because it's going to
directly affect your strategy and how
you approach meta is very different
compared to how you approach other
platforms like LinkedIn ads. Let's first
start by talking about Andromeda. This
was a big update by Facebook and this is
really important for you to understand
if you want to become a B2B meta ads
expert. So there's two big changes to
meta ads algorithm. One of them was the
Andromeda update and the other one was
the release of the new generative ads
model or gem for short. These two things
are really changing the game on how the
meta ads algorithm works right now in
2026 and moving forward. So the first
thing with Andromeda, the way to think
about Andromeda is Andromeda is
basically a machine learning model. It's
an algorithm that essentially Meta uses
to process your ads. It'll study your
ads and then based on your ads and your
campaign details, it'll use all that
information to then essentially figure
out who they should target, who your ad
needs to reach, who the right person is
for your ad creative, because Meta is
moving more and more towards Advantage
Plus and automating the process of
targeting and placement selection and
and Meta really wants to be in the
driver's seat of deciding who is the
best person to reach based on the
context of your ad and the details of
your campaigns. So, one really important
thing to call out here from this support
article is you will notice that Meta
really needs a lot of volume of creative
in order to do this. I really want to
highlight this. The retrieval process,
it's three order of magnitude ads more
than subsequent stages. So, they need
three orders of magnitude more ads.
Basically in English, what that means is
they need more ad variations because
with more ad variations, they can better
fine-tune their machine learning model
to better understand who do you want to
go after, what's important for you,
what's resonating, etc. So, we need
higher quality creatives. So, on the
front end, we have Andromeda that's
essentially acting as like this
filtering mechanism. And then on the
last point is we have Gem. And what Gem
is doing is Gem is looking at all of the
interactions of a user on Facebook in
terms of what are they interacting with
both organically and in terms of ads.
And then through Gem and Andromeda, that
is basically the recipe or the algorithm
that is deciding ultimately where your
ad gets placed. So I know this can be
quite conceptual. So I kind of just
doodled this out a bit just to give you
some more context. I know this is super
conceptual. So I just wanted to give you
a concrete example of how I interpret
Andromeda and and the gem uptape.
Obviously I'm not a meta ads engineer.
So bear with my understanding but
fundamentally this is the way how I
conceptualize those two things coming
together. You have your ads right? So
you have your ads that you put into your
campaign and you need a lot of them
right? You need more variations but but
not just variations for the sake of
variations. Unique creative concepts is
really what you're looking for. And then
with these unique creative concepts,
Andromeda is now scanning your ads. It's
trying to understand the ad copy. It's
doing visual analysis and breaking down
your images if you're using them or your
carousels, your videos, if you're
running videos. It's looking at the
transcripts of those videos. It's
looking at your targeting suggestions.
It's looking at all of this information
to basically filter down and say, "Okay,
of all of the concepts that you gave me,
I think these two are worth a damn,
right? And I think we should actually
serve some impressions behind them. And
then finally, you have this last piece
which is Gem. And what Gem is doing is
it's saying, and this is a brutal stick
figure, but basically what Gem is saying
is Jem is saying, "Oh, John over here is
probably the best candidate for you
based on the creative concepts that were
selected because John was doing these
things organically. They had these
interactions, this this activity online.
They also interact with these types of
ads in the past. So, you know, two and
two makes one in in the algorithm here
and boom, there you go. Your ad gets
served to them. So, what does this mean
for you in in plain speak? This means
for you as the advertiser, you really
need to focus on this, right? Because
all of this is pretty much out of your
control, right? This is all the meta ads
algorithm. However, with B2B, it gets a
bit more complicated because with B2B,
there is a place for broad targeting,
right? where you're letting Meta and the
Andromeda update really do its thing
where you're just saying, "Hey, go full
broad using my ad creative and my
concepts and the details I give you in
my campaign creation. You figure out how
to get in front of the people I care
about. I think you should totally try
this, but it's still not perfect. And
when it comes to B2B specifically,
especially if you're enterprise focused
and you can only sell to a certain
amount of companies, then you know
you're going to really struggle with
this, right? If there's only 500
companies you can sell to in the world,
then you're really going to struggle
with this. And that's where the
algorithm is getting much better.
However, you should still need to focus
on your audience validation first, which
is where I think B2B is fundamentally
different from B TOC with meta ads.
Because if you watch any Facebook ads
tutorial for B TOC, they'll all tell you
the same thing. Go full broad. Create as
many unique creative concepts as you
can. Once you find a winning concept,
double down on it, scale it, and
continue to feed the machine. However,
with B2B, if you only have a fixed
universe, right, using those 500
companies as an example, then full broad
targeting might still not be what you
need, and at the end of the day, it's
not going to work out. So now that we
have that necessary context out there,
let's talk about choosing the right
strategy based on your goals and how to
further think about this as a B2B
advertiser on Facebook. So we talked
about the algorithm and I you know I
really hope you enjoyed that that
visual. Let's segue now into strategy
and and how to think about strategy. For
the sake of simplicity, I'm going to
simplify this in terms of three types of
campaigns. There's prospecting, there's
remarketing, and there's acceleration.
You could also make an case there's
revival and there's expansion, but just
for the sake of simplicity, let's just
focus on these three. Prospecting
campaigns are pretty straightforward and
this is basically where you're trying to
target strangers. Okay? You're trying to
go after strangers, people who don't
necessarily know about you, but they're
the right type of person. And when it
comes to prospecting campaigns, I think
the big thing that you really need to
take to heart here and and if you want
to find success with meta ads as a B2B
advertiser is your data is everything.
Your data is the difference between
profitability and loss, it really is
fundamental, especially the more niche
your focus. The less niche, the less
targeted you are in terms of like
reaching certain businesses, then
obviously you can lean a bit broader. So
when it comes to prospecting, I highly
recommend that you start off by
leveraging your data. So specifically
when I say leverage your data, I mean
leverage your first-party data. So your
first party data is the data that you
own. It's the stuff that you've
collected directly from your customers.
So for example, when it comes to
first-party data, we have things like
our CRM. And in our CRM, it's a treasure
trove of first-party data, right? These
are email addresses that you've
collected from prospects that have
signed up. And essentially what we're
doing is we want to leverage the CRM
data. And the first place to start is we
want to use lookalikes.
So what I highly recommend and what
we've seen a lot of success with with
our clients is taking a lookalike
audience of their best fit prospects or
their best fit customers and then
creating a 1 to 2% lookalike off that. I
highly recommend you start with a 1%
first, validate audience quality, and
then in the future you can scale to a
two and so on and so forth. So your
first party data is incredible. The next
place I really recommend that you
validate is your third-party sources. So
third-party sources are basically where
you are buying data or you're borrowing
data from outside vendors that have
collected data on their own behalfs and
now they're able to sell it to you. So
for instance, there's two
recommendations here. One is Primer. So
Primer is a website you can go check it
out. I'm not sponsored by them, but to
be honest, I probably should be at this
point. and they are great in terms of
giving you basically LinkedIn-l like
targeting on a platform like meta. So
what platforms like primer do and and
also there's metadata as well that you
can leverage. Um, there used to be Clear
Bit also, but now that they got acquired
by HubSpot, I'm not really sure what the
future of them holds. But basically, you
have these opportunities. You can also
go to Google and just search like for
example, I remember I had a client that
really need to go after certain Shopify
stores and they wanted to target Shopify
stores that had, you know, certain
amounts of revenue and these types of
like very nuanced data that you can't
buy normally. Uh, so what we did was we
did some homework. We went to Google and
we started to research unique data
providers and then we did a custom deal
with them. So you can really take this
and scale data as a strategy for the
business. But essentially with these
tools like primer, metadata, clear bit
etc. What they're doing is they're
basically aggregating all this data and
then they're creating an identity graph.
So when you go into their platforms you
can basically create an audience based
on fmrographics, technographics, the
list goes on and basically you can
create these custom audiences. They will
then go try to match the details of the
people that you're trying to target
against their identity graph and then
they will upload a list of contacts into
LinkedIn as a firstparty source that you
can then target with ads. So example, if
you're doing ABM, you upload a list of
companies into one of these tools. They
will then go try to find the personal
emails and work emails of the contacts
working at those companies. And then
based on the additional filters you put
against that targeting, they might
dwindle down a bit more. And then
finally, they will upload that list into
meta for targeting. Sounds super
complicated, but it's it's much simpler
than it sounds. And basically what this
does is it gives you another way to
target these individuals where you
wouldn't be able to normally. And it
allows you again to extend and scale
your data as a strategy. And then
finally, once you've exhausted
first-party data, third-party sources,
then from here, I really recommend that
you consider full broad, and it doesn't
mean you have to do it in this specific
order. I I would personally do it in
that way in terms of quality, but really
what you're trying to do is you're
trying to validate the the quality of
the audience. So, I I'll show you what
this looks like and we'll bring it all
together when we start to build up the
campaign structures, but essentially
I've got my first party data. I want to
see, okay, run a test. What are the
quality of the leads that are coming in?
and do the same thing for these
different sources. And then finally, you
can do the same thing for full broad.
And what this is going to do is this is
going to allow you to reach strangers in
multitudes of ways depending on who
you're going after. The second campaign
strategy is remarketing. This is going
after people that know you, right?
People that know you. So these are
people that have been to your website.
These are people that maybe there are
certain CRM lists. uh these are but if
fundamentally it's somebody that's found
you some way shape or form they've
already engaged with your brand online
and now you're trying to bring them back
right then there's a whole bunch of
segments on Meta for example people that
have been to your Instagram page people
that watch certain percentages of your
video etc and remarketing is fantastic
because if you're very active on
LinkedIn or you're very active on Google
and you already have a lot of confidence
that you are reaching the right people
on those channels a really easy place to
get started is with custom URL URLs. And
what I mean by custom URLs is I mean you
can create a custom URL of website
visitors that contain your UTMs from
these other channels that you have
validated. So like for instance, if I'm
using LinkedIn as my source, my medium
is paid social, I can create a website
retargeting segment in Meta of anyone
that's been to my website with those UTM
parameters. and now I can retarget my
LinkedIn traffic on a platform like
Meta. This obviously assumes you have
enough traffic in the first place, but
this is a really easy advanced way for
you to just get started by targeting the
people you've already validated on other
platforms. Outside of this, of course,
you have, you know, your broad
remarketing segments. So, this is
anybody that's been to your website,
anybody that's watched certain videos,
anybody that's been to your Facebook
page, your Instagram page, etc. This is
another great way for you because at the
end of the day, like if somebody is
coming to your website today in some
way, shape, or form, it makes sense to
continue to stay in front of them.
Especially when it comes to B2B and
we're dealing with long sales cycles.
Just staying top of mind is is truly
half the babble. And then finally, we
have acceleration. And I don't think
acceleration will be applicable for many
of you, but I think it's worth saying
because in a B2B context, the the the
game isn't over once the demo is created
or the meeting happens, right? Once the
opportunity is created, it's really the
first step in a long sales process. So
acceleration is where we're running ads
against open opportunities. So what you
can do is using first-party data or
third-party sources, you can essentially
using those those examples I used
earlier, I can target my existing open
opportunities and I can run ads against
them assuming my audience size is large
enough and now I can try to improve the
win rates, shorten the sales cycles,
essentially just be a good partner to
sales and try to move those deals to
close one faster. Putting it all
together, this is the recommendation
that I suggest. based on the time of
this recording of if you're getting into
meta ads as a B2B advertiser and you're
like okay Sylvia just give me the road
map this is the road map I would give
you first start with remarketing this is
a no-brainer right these people are
already going to your website you you
should just stay in front of them and
remarketing really becomes more powerful
when it's across channels right so you
create that omniresence where somebody
goes to LinkedIn they see you they go to
meta they see you they you know you
really create that that grandioseness
right that propinquity in the eyes of
the user big word just basically means
you're showing up often and everywhere
and really that's what we're going after
and and perception truly is reality when
it comes to B2B where you the cool thing
about this too it's like you can have
such a small budget but and because the
audience is so small you don't need a
large budget and in their mind they're
like my god this these people are
everywhere when the reality is is like
you're just really focusing on a super
specific segment of users. The second
one is prospecting. You are going to hit
a wall with remarketing eventually
depending on how large your remarketing
audiences are. How soon you hit it will
vary, but you will hit it eventually.
And that's why now it's time to go on
offense and and do prospecting because
with prospecting, we're going to
actually get in front of strangers and
we're going to create a much faster
flywheel in terms of driving new
business. And then lastly, if
applicable, you can run acceleration
campaigns. And now we're trying to move
this sales cycle much further faster in
terms of win rates and deal speed. I
just wanted to take a second and say if
you're loving this video, you will
absolutely love our free courses over at
adconversion.com. You can sign up and
get access to our Google Ads courses,
Reddit ads courses, LinkedIn ads
courses. They're seriously free. You can
check them out no less than longer than
10 minutes. We're doing this because we
want to create the best place in the
world to master B2B ads. So, if that's
you, you can check out our wall of love.
Come join us at a conversion.com. And I
hope you get tremendous value from our
courses. Now that you have this meta
road map in place in terms of how to get
started, right, let's go walk through
the actual meta ads manager and how to
put this into practice just conceptually
so that you can put theory into practice
and and not make those first mistakes
actually launching your campaigns
because unfortunately sometimes how you
start is how you finish and if you
choose the wrong settings or you know
simple things like this it can really
cause a lot of consequences. So when it
comes to the campaign structure there is
no one best campaign structure. I'm just
going to dispel that myth right now. No
one has the secret structure that's
going to change the game for you. At the
end of the day, all structures have
different intended purposes and they can
all work. But I think what matters most
is the logic and the thinking and the
rationale and does it make sense based
on what you're trying to achieve. So
what I would suggest is because there's
two paths you can go and ultimately the
first variable that we need to validate
as a B2B advertiser on meta is we need
to understand can we actually get in
front of the right quality leads because
if we can't it doesn't matter how many
ads we've created of our creative
concepts our CTR our CPA our conversion
rates all of that is pointless we need
to know first and foremost is the right
person on the other side of my ad And
the way we're going to set that up and
the way we're going to validate that is
by making sure we're testing audiences
separately. We do not want to cluster
all of our audiences together at the in
the beginning and then not have
understanding on which audience is
actually doing the work. H we need to
really understand first and foremost can
we target the right audience. Once we
validated that now we can really scale
our creative testing. So there's two
ways you can do this and I'm going to
walk you through both. One way you can
do this is you can create one campaign
using and you're going to create one
ad set for each specific audience and
then you're going to validate and test.
So let me walk you through an example.
Let's say we're going to do a sales
campaign and I'm going to go ahead and
say this is a prospecting campaign.
We're going to do and this is going
to be audience validation, right? As an
example. And what we're going to do is
we're going to switch from a campaign
budget to an adset budget. And what this
will do is it'll allow us to set
specific budget targets for each adset.
If you're going to be structuring your
way your campaign like this for audience
validation in this way, turn this off so
that you guarantee those adsets spend
the budget that you give them. And then
what we're going to do is for each
adset, we're going to basically segment
it based on the audience we want to
target. So for example, let's say this
one is going to be that 1% lookalike.
This is focusing on first party data.
What I'll do here is I'm just going to
choose a conversion event. Now I'll come
down here to audience. By default,
Meta's pushing advantage plus. So what
we're going to do in the sake of this
test is because we're not using full
broad targeting, we are going to switch
this. So we're going to click further
limit the reach of our ads and we're
going to say further limit continue.
And what we're going to do is we're
going to adjust our detail targeting
based on the lookalike audiences that we
care about. Uh, so what we're going to
do is we're going to add a custom
audience. In this case, we would add our
custom audience of our 1% lookalike. I
don't have anything in this account
because it's a tutorial account, but I
would choose it and I would apply those
settings here. And now this one's just
targeting my 1% lookalike. The other
thing too is by default, Meta will have
advantage plus placements on. That's
fine if you have creatives for each
placement. And you can set that at the
ad level. Meta lets you personalize the
creative based on the placement. So now
that we've created this ad set targeting
on 1% lookalikes, now what I'm going to
do is I'm going to duplicate this. I'm
going to do the exact same process for
each audience segment that I want to
validate. So for instance, maybe next I
want to do let's say you know job titles
and in this case it's job titles using
third party data. I don't know. I'm just
kind of guessing here, right? Whatever
that is for you and maybe this is like
my primer audience or my metadata
audience whatever it might be. I'll now
create the segment for this. Maybe the
next one is going to be, you know, using
some of Facebook's capabilities. So,
Facebook has like interests and titles
that they give you. Maybe it's interest
and titles from Facebook. I'll create a
set for that. And then I'll set
dedicated budgets for each one of them.
And then what I'm going to do is in each
one of these adsets, I'm going to have
the same ads because again, I just want
to know which audiences are actually
driving the right quality leads. And if
you don't have a good landing page set
up where you're able to convert leads
and an offer that's able to convert cold
traffic, so for example, a bad offer
here would be a demo request, unless
you're going after an SMB audience, but
if you're going after a niche enterprise
audience, it's going to be hard to get
demos off of cold traffic. Uh so that's
where like a webinar or free trial,
something a bit easier to convert on is
better because really what we want here
is we just want to see the titles of the
people who are coming in. Alternatively,
if you don't have a good landing page,
you can switch the objective from sales
to leads and then you can run a lead
genen campaign and that'll make it much
easier for you to understand the quality
of the leads coming in. And in that lead
genen form, make sure you have job
titles on there as a field and company.
But essentially what I would do is with
this audience validation test, I would
now have again the same ads for each
one. And then I'd have a dedicated
budget for each one and I'd launch it.
And as I launch it now, I'll start to
get leads and I'll look at the leads
that are coming in and I'll say, "Okay,
these leads are coming from this
interest adet versus these leads are
coming from this 1% lookalike." Audit
the quality. Now that I have confidence
and I'm like, "Wow, that's actually
pretty good. Let's scale it." Once I've
validated the audience, now I would
create a CBO campaign, which is campaign
budget optimization, where I'm targeting
that specific audience that's a winner
based on quality. And now I'm going hard
on testing different creative concepts
and really trying to scale my creative
output. So for instance, that might look
like prospecting, CBO,
and let's say our winner was the 1%
lookalike. It would look something like
this. And now I'm using campaign budget
optimization. And now each ad set I
would go deeper around creative testing.
So for example, there's two ways you can
do it. Really just depends on your
preference. One is you could have
different adsets based on creative
concepts. So for example, maybe I have
this one that's UGC and then I have
another one that is before and after.
And now I don't really necessarily care
as much that each adset gets equal
distribution in terms of budget spend. I
really want Meta to do its thing and and
push the adsets that have the winning
creative concepts and then I'll continue
to double down. Alternatively, what we
can do is instead of having different
adsets by concepts, we can think of them
in terms of batches. So, for example,
maybe I would have like creative batch
one or creative test one. And in
creative batch one, I might have before
and after UGC, memes, etc. different
concepts and then I create a new batch
based on the learnings of the first
batch and now with the second batch I'll
say you know creative batch two doubling
down on the winners etc right iterating
and then I'll see what's working versus
what's not and this is an awesome way to
just scale those winning audiences
further through more creative concepts
and you could take the same approach and
apply it to the other ones now if you
are starting already with meta and you
already have some history and you
already know what works and you have
some campaigns that are working, you
might skip the, you know, audience
validation step and you might just go
straight to like building campaigns out
targeting specific audiences. That's
totally cool. And for instance, like
maybe in my audience validation test, I
was like, "Wow, full broad actually did
much better than I expected. Now I could
create a dedicated campaign just going
after full broad." So, I hope this gives
you some context and some clarity. If
you guys want more information around
met ads, let me know in the comments. If
this video was valuable, if you can give
it a thumbs up, it'll really help grow
our reach as a small channel. And you
can subscribe so you can be notified of
future videos. And I will see you in the
next one. Thanks so much.